000 >> 000
100 >> 100
10th >> 10th
15mph >> 15mph
179mph >> 179mph
218mph >> 218mph
26 >> 26
31 >> 31
500 >> 500
barometric >> barometric
building >> building
cancun >> cancun
caribbean >> caribbean
causing >> causing
cayman >> cayman
countries >> countries
cozumel >> cozumel
damage >> damage
destroying >> destroying
dominican >> dominican
eastern >> eastern
ever >> ever
gilbert >> gilbert
gusting >> gusting
haiti >> haiti
heavy >> heavy
high >> high
hit >> hit
homes >> homes
hurricane >> hurricane
inches >> inches
intense >> intense
intensity >> intensity
islands >> islands
jamaica >> jamaica
lives >> lives
low >> low
night >> night
nineteen >> nineteen
passed >> passed
peninsula >> peninsula
pressure >> pressure
puerto >> puerto
rains >> rains
record >> record
recorded >> recorded
regions >> regions
republic >> republic
rico >> rico
saturday >> saturday
september >> september
skirting >> skirting
slamming >> slamming
southern >> southern
storm >> storm
strengthened >> strengthened
sustained >> sustained
taking >> taking
torrential >> torrential
tracked >> tracked
tropical >> tropical
westerly >> westerly
winds >> winds
yucatan >> yucatan
